+++
title = "Side-Channel Attacks on Quantum-Resistant Supersingular Isogeny Diffie-Hellman"
date = 2017-08-22T00:40:17-04:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["__B. Koziel__", "R. Azarderakhsh", "D. Jao"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Selected Areas in Cryptography: 24th International Conference, SAC 2017, Ottawa, ON, Canada, August 16-18, 2017, Revised Selected Papers"
publication_short = "SAC 2017"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we present three side-channel attacks on the quantum-resistant supersingular isogeny Diffie-Hellman (SIDH) key exchange protocol. These refined power analysis attacks target the representation of a zero value in a physical implementation of SIDH to extract bits of the secret key. To understand the behavior of these zero-attacks on SIDH, we investigate the representation of zero in the context of quadratic extension fields and isogeny arithmetic. We then present three different refined power analysis attacks on SIDH. Our first and second attacks target the Jao, De Feo, and Plût three-point Montgomery ladder by utilizing a partial-zero attack and zero-value attack, respectively. Our third attack proposes a method to break the large-degree isogeny by utilizing zero-values in the context of isogenies. The goal of this paper is to illustrate additional security concerns for an SIDH static-key user."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Side-Channel Analysis", "Post-Quantum Cryptography", "Isogeny-Based Cryptography", "Elliptic Curve Cryptography"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-3-319-72565-9_4"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
